hey guys what's up you know I encourage
real activism of any kind and you know I
just encourage a real interest and real
concern of any kind linked to veganism
ecology and hey a bunch of other issues
too recently I shows talking to Amy on
the phone and one of things I said to
her toward the end of the conversation I
think she kind of didn't get it but I
said look you know like I want to stay
in touch with you because of this
activism we've been talking about but I
still want to stay in touch with you
even if you're not getting any action
ton like I know I know she aspires to do
a bunch of things as an activist for
veganism that's what we were talking
about for a large part of the
conversation but I said look like I want
you to know I'm not gonna cut you off
and think you're a scumbag if you know
you don't follow through with with some
of this stuff real people have jobs have
kids or you know even if you don't have
kids suddenly have to take care of your
own parents your parents your
grandparents get sick something happens
with your career there are many many
legitimate reasons why people can't be
hands-on real-world activists in the
political process in the country where
they're living and I really do
sympathize and for large parts of my
life that's been true myself also where
I've had really no ability to to be an
activist in any sense but if you can't
be a real activist you can still care
you can still be interested you can
still be concerned and of course one of
the bizarre things about veganism on
YouTube digital veganism internet
veganism these days is the lack of
concern but the lack of interest even
from people where you know I wouldn't I
wouldn't have any unrealistically high
expectations of them as activists for
some reason it strange people always
expect university students to be very
politically active it is not easy at all
to be a real activist to be involved in
political process as well you're a
university student much easier to do
when you're retired or you know above 50
years old or something anyway um there
is a post here on patreon
post meaning a piece of text from a guy
named Patrick Thomas who is living in
Adelaide Australia and this post from
Patrick Thomas is making a call to try
to get in touch with other people who
either would be real activists or as
they say would have a real interest or
concern I think this is worth reading
out it has some some just interesting
reflections on the contrast between hype
and reality given all of the apparent
vegan activism seeming vegan activism in
in Adelaide however I want to note that
if you're making comments on patreon
that other people are going to see the
best way to do it is to comment below
the videos or below the podcasts below
what I've posted those comments do get
seen by other people and they do get
seen by me alright so I'm now going to
read what Thomas has to say I'm sorry
his first name is Patrick its last team
is Thomas I'd like to take this
opportunity to have a chat about
adelaide australia where freely in
durianrider among others are from I
lived here my whole life and there seems
to be little to no effect made by them
in this community so while they may be
turning individuals vegan on a community
and local political level there seems to
be no effect so expensive time thinking
about what changes i can make in my
community and where i can begin for the
purpose of this exercise i had a look at
pork australia's 2014-2015 annual report
to try to see where australia stands
with its consumption of pork australian
consumption of pork is trending upwards
around half a kilo annually more than
last year there is labeling
distinguishing distinguishing
australian-made and imported pork and
this will help boost Australian pork
consumption over imports businesses are
now capturing methane and using it to
generate electricity generating over two
million dollars in carbon credits so to
mention this is methane from the from
the pool of the pigs to use a very
sophisticated word the they collect the
excreted matter from the pigs
and use that generate methane they have
developed so the media industry has
developed education resource kits
targeted at children primary and
secondary school to educate students
about where their food comes from in
quotation marks this has been carried
out in over 200 schools so in other
words this is pro meat industry
propaganda in the in the school system
they've made an agreement with the
federal government to streamline access
to 457 visa employees for producers
foreign skilled labor receiving
government grants of 5 million dollars
for their research and development
efforts so something I've learned from
this channel is that we don't need only
vegans to make our desire change
includes vegetarians anyone that is
against factory farming it includes
those with specific political views etc
for example I'm sure Australians would
be inclined to retract the streamlining
process for the 457 visa in order to
ship make sure Australians keep their
jobs and that those jobs are available
to Australians getting people out to
school to show the students the
kid-friendly truth about pork animals in
general so he's suggesting here that you
know there should be a vegan message or
some kind of skeptical scientific humane
humanitarian message about what the
reality is of meat production and
contrasts to meet in history propaganda
organized with the federal government to
reduce or change the agreement regarding
the five million dollars in funding they
gave to the pork industry eg the money
must be used to boost free-range farming
practices the money will be less
valuable I'm not actually entirely sure
what he's suggesting there but doesn't
matter he's making a suggestion that the
five million dollars could be used
better and that's not too hard to
disagree with on that general level um
as you know many vegans oppose
free-range legislation but anyway life
is full of contradictions like some of
you I have had zero experience in any
political movements and am sorely in
need of advice so my questions to you
would be what can i and maybe a few
others do at a local level in regard to
the above should I be focusing on
smaller problems how do I utilize
petitions effectively
what kind of problems can be addressed
with petitions funding what can we do
with hundreds what about thousands are
we only going to see significant change
when we have millions PS if you live in
Adelaide let me know cheers so he's
obviously hoping to get in touch with
people who have experience with activism
and organization in Australia ideally in
Adelaide itself now again okay I'm going
to make a very general statement here
who can you learn from you can learn
from successful political organizations
and advocates and the people who have
done the organizing in with completely
unrelated issues so mean lately I've
used examples like seat belts Mothers
Against Drunk Driving gay rights
activism you could probably learn a lot
by getting in touch with people of
experience with you know organizing
charities and advocacy groups for gay
rights activism with specific legal
changes you can learn a lot in short by
talking to people who are not vegan and
you have no interest in veganism but who
have had some success of that kind at
the local level you might be surprised
if you look into the various churches
some of the religious groups they may be
very successful in organizing these
types of how shall I say these types of
lobbying efforts